today i will show you an american dark
comedy film from 2020
titled the hunt spoilers ahead watch out
and take care
a woman athena is seen sitting on her
desk texting
she's texting with her friends sharing
memes when they start talking about the
manor in the hunt
a stewardess leans over to a man asking
him if he would like something to eat
she says they have caviar but he isn't
interested and goes on to list things
that can only be made in a kitchen
when the stewardess tells him that he
makes some snarky remark and asks for
champagne
she goes to get it and when she comes
back to pour it suddenly a man stumbles
inside
scaring her in the others the champagne
man says that one of them is awake
when an older gentleman jumps up and
tries to calm the stumbling man
telling him he's a doctor he makes him
lie down on the towels and stabs him
to the surprise of everyone there the
man isn't dead so he flings a bottle
around
until athena walks in and stabs him with
her shoe the others mentioned something
about it not even starting yet
but as she cleans her shoe says that
there is no sentimentality in war
the older man from before drags the
stumbling man into another compartment
of the plane
he's still alive and asks for help but
unfortunately the blonde woman he calls
to is unconscious
later the same woman wakes up outside
with a gag in her mouth which she can't
take off
she stands up and sees another woman
with a gag across a river
making a makeshift compass the woman
acknowledges her existence for a second
but walks away in the same time a man
walks by behind the first woman
she follows him to a field with a giant
crate in the middle
a few other people are seen approaching
the box one of them says it's a trap but
the man still goes to open it
the others hide he opens the crate and a
pig runs out
then he looks inside and pulls out a rat
filled with weapons
all of the people in the field go toward
the crate including the blonde from
before
she finds the keys to the gags and helps
one of the people out of it
no one knows what's happening suddenly
someone starts shooting at them so they
all hide
the blonde thinks she dodged a bullet
but suddenly gets shot
one of the people on the field shoots
toward the place where the shots came
from before
but gets killed too the others are still
hiding
a woman runs out and falls in a ditch so
one of the guys goes to help her
only to find her impaled though still
alive he helps her up and they run when
suddenly he steps on a landmine
they explode another guy manages to run
away from the shooting
he gets to a fence someone approaches
and he almost shoots him but it's the
man who opened the crate
two others run toward them they all jump
the fence except the crate man
he gets shot with a spear and decides to
face his attackers
only to be killed moments later the
other three escape and get to a gas
station
the owners are a couple thinking that
people are robbing the place
blue shirt tells them they don't want
their money he just wants to know where
he is
they tell him that he's in the state of
arkansas he asks for the phone to call
the police and they say they'll trace
the call and be there soon
the woman eats a cookie and immediately
chokes on it like it's been poison
suddenly the couple are wearing gas
masks and throw a smoke grenade at them
before blue shirt can shoot them the man
kills him first
they choke the other one with a grenade
and then kill him too
the woman vents the gas station later
they clean it up
disposing of the bodies the woman sees
that blue shirt has a wedding ring and
starts feeling bad
her husband tells her that it doesn't
matter because he surely is a bad man
probably even uses the n-word the couple
argue about the subtleties of racism
when they get a call on the radio they
tell the woman on the other end who they
managed to kill and she tells them that
another one of the hunted is approaching
their way
they prep the gas station as she walks
toward it and walks in to find them
ready and greeting her warmly
crystal asks for a box of cigarettes and
gets her emergency money
then asks what state she's in the woman
answers her as she gets her change but
crystal notices something is wrong and
attacks them
she grabs the shotgun from under the
counter kills the man first and then the
wife
crystal checks the gas station and finds
the bodies then grabs some rubber bands
and some ammo
she drops her jacket and leaves the
station there's a truck in front
so she goes to check it out first she
sees that the plates are fake
showing croatian ones underneath then
she finds a trip wire
connecting the door to a bomb she hears
the others talk on the radio she
snatched and hides in the bushes
they're looking for her because they
can't find the couple from the station
they send a drone to check the station
out and someone shoots it down
the man that shot the drone appears
smashing the drone further and as he
goes toward the truck
crystal stops him telling him that it's
rigged she tells him that by shooting
the drone he basically told them that
they're at the gas station and then
starts walking towards some train tracks
she saw earlier
the man follows her he tells her he has
a theory about why they're there
being hunted down apparently he had read
an article about a group of liberal
elites that kidnap people and take them
to a manner to hunt them down
crystal doesn't really believe his
theory she hears a train approaching and
tells the man to run so they could catch
up to it
they hop the train and once inside they
find a group of immigrants
hiding the man says that they're not
real that they're crisis actors
they also don't speak english crystal
isn't convinced in his theories again
suddenly the train stops and the
military police searches the
compartments
crystal and the man along with the
immigrants surrender
the police is frisking them when the man
decides to tell one of the officers that
the two of them are american and that
the refugees are actually crisis actors
the officers don't speak english and
step aside when one of the immigrants
speaks to the man in fluent english with
an american accent
he says they don't believe him and the
man freaks out the immigrant tells him
that he's the only actor and that he
needs to calm down
the man tackles him and puts a grenade
in his pants as everyone else hides
the guy blows up next crystal is in a
truck being taken to a refugee camp
once there she is taken to an officer
who asks her for her papers
she asks where she is and when they
don't answer she begins guessing and
finally guesses right
croatia she asked them to call the
american embassy
but instead they bring in don another
one of the people that were hunted along
with her
the two of them go to the camp kitchen
to eat while dawn keeps sharing the same
theories with her as the other guy
suddenly an official from the american
embassy shows up to pick them up
later they're seen riding with him
through the woods don has told him
everything about their predicament and
the official is shocked
saying he'll contact the state
department and the military to find the
people that hunted them
crystal realizes that there's something
strange about the guy
knocks him out and pushes him out of the
car then she backs up over him
killing him she finds a gun in his
jacket while she looks through the trunk
don is freaking out that she killed the
official until he looks inside and sees
the other guy that was with her before
dead she finds a map and dawn says that
he thinks they are the only two left
don wants to leave in the car but she
says no she wants to use the map to find
the people hunting ham and retaliate
she tells him a gruesome story her
mother used to tell her when the pig
suddenly appears again
at the bunker the group of people
hunting them is chatting about what's
politically correct and what isn't
one of them is a soldier their
consultant he asks them to be quiet but
they just make fun of him
athena's voice is heard over the radio
telling them to shut up
one of them goes out to pee and when he
gets to a tree don distracts him with a
pig and crystal kills him
back at the bunker the group hears a
noise outside
the soldier gives them instructions on
what to do which they barely follow
all of them are scared so when don drops
the pig inside
they shoot it dead the woman is upset
that they killed the pig
when suddenly crystal kills one of the
men and shoots at the others
she incapacitates the soldier and stabs
the woman
she fights one of the other men for a
riffle but he takes out the ammo
she finds another bullet in the chamber
and shoots him then she goes to the
sniper and kills the last one as well
she thinks she's got them all but
suddenly the soldier tackles her and
they fight
crystal pulls a pipe out of the selling
and beats him up with it but doesn't
kill him
the woman is still alive and she calls
her a heck crystal picks up a gun and
goes to shoot her when don shows up
he finds a gun and crystal tells him to
ask the woman why they were doing that
to them
she gives a stupid answer and crystal
wants to kill her but don stops her
saying she's a woman and should be
spared crystal asks the woman if she
should be afforded mercy just because
she's a woman and as she answers no
crystal shoots her don freaks out and
suddenly athena's voice appears on the
radio
asking if he got crystal to which she
points her gun at him
he says he's not one of them as athena
keeps asking what's going on over the
radio
she tells dawn to kill crystal as he
pleads with her not to trust the woman
on the radio
but she shoots him regardless crystal
tells athena that don is dead and athena
tells her to come and get her
crystal sits down next to the soldier
and has a civil conversation with him
until she asks where athena is she tells
him that she won't give up and presses
his wound so he tells her where she is
hiding
he gives her the information but
cautions her that she was preparing for
the hunt for months
crystal kills him too a flashback to one
year earlier takes us to athena's office
where two people from the company are
waiting for her they talk about the text
message she had about the hunt
she says it was only a joke but they
tell her that there are people who
believe that it's true
athena laughs but the man is persistent
calling it a possible pr nightmare
telling her that she has to step down
from her position she asks for a list of
the people that have made the conspiracy
theory about her hunting human beings
another flashback to eight months prior
to the hunt the group is choosing the
people that will be a part of the hunt
they have difficulty choosing but athena
tells them to continue
suddenly the slide shows a picture of
crystal as the man presenting the slides
reads her opinions about athena
she gets angry and chooses her as her
arch nemesis in the present
crystal is walking towards a manor
athena talks to her on the intercom
saying that if she doesn't leave her gun
there she will activate the c4 under the
gate
so crystal leaves the gun there and
walks inside beethoven is hurt in the
background
as crystal cautiously walks inside the
house and sees the pictures of herself
and the others on athena's wall
athena is waiting for her in the kitchen
cooking she asks if she killed don
but doesn't tell her if he was one of
them crystal doesn't know who she is
but it seems athena doesn't know who
crystal is either they talk about why
she organized the hunt and crystal makes
fun of her for doing it for the wrong
reasons
coming full circle and making the
conspiracy theory a reality
and also because she has the wrong
crystal the woman that posted the awful
conspiracy theories online about athena
was another crystal with the same
surname as hers
after all is revealed crystal grabs a
knife and goes after athena
they fight savagely equaling in strength
and stamina
crystal throws everything she can find
at athena including an expensive bottle
of champagne
which athena manages to save from
shattering she kicks her over the
fireplace
but athena gets a shotgun and goes after
her upstairs
they fight for the gun but crystal
pushes her down the stairs and jumps
down
athena goes for a knife next and stabs
crystal
they fight outside for a moment and get
to the kitchen again where athena stabs
crystal with a vegetable cutter but as
she kicks her crystal pulls her in and
stabs her with the other side of the
cutter
athena dies but crystal survives she
gets up
eats the toast and closes her wound with
a blowtorch
she cleans herself up and puts on one of
athena's dresses as well as her shoes
before she leaves
she takes the expensive champagne she
walks outside and sees athena's private
jet
when she walks inside the jet she tells
the stewardess and the captain that she
killed their bosses and threatens them
with a gun
telling them to take her home she sits
down and the stewardess prepares a snack
and the champagne for her
crystal invites her to eat and drink
with her make sure to subscribe and turn
on notifications so you can watch more
videos like this
thanks for watching